= Fboauth2

=== Requirements

* fbgraph 1.6.0


=== Installation

1) Just place a link like this on your site:
/oauth2_facebook/fb_auth?config=example_config_name&param1=any data

* config_name: You can see this in the yml file example. 
* param1(optional): You can pass any number of parameters through this url 

2) create a yml file on your config folder named "fbconfig.yml" /config/fbconfig.yml

=== Exaple fbconfig.yml:

    credentials:
     production:
      api_key: your_api_key
      api_secret: your_api_secret
      permission: offline_access,email #you can see a full list a permissions on http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/permissions/

     development:
       api_key: your_api_key
       api_secret: your_api_secret
       permission: offline_access,email #you can see a full list a permissions on http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/permissions/

      test:
       api_key: your_api_key
       api_secret: your_api_secret
       permission: offline_access,email #you can see a full list a permissions on http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/permissions/


     example_config_name:
      redirect: /redirect_url
      hmodel: t   #(t or f) t= create a 'model'
      model:
       name: ModelName
       params:
        email: fboauh2@emailexample.com
        phone: 123456
      hsubmodel: t   #(t or f) t= create a 'submodel' into 'model'
      submodel:
       name: SubCateg
       params:
        subcateg:      
         0:      
          firstname: examplename
          lastname: examplelastname
      hfbmsg: t    #(t or f) t= create a message on facebook user wall
      facebook:                                                #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t"
       message: Message Title                                  #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t"
       title: ¡message subtitle!                               #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t" 
       link: http://www.link_on_the_message.com                #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t"
       picture: http://www.link_on_the_message.com/icon.png    #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t"
       description: Message description...                     #optional, only if hfbmsg is "t"



=== Params on redirect url

you can do:
 * redirect: /redirect_url/ pm_name_of_param 
 * redirect: /redirect_url?param= pm_name_of_param 
 * redirect: /redirect_url/ pm_name_of_param /delete


== Contributing 

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following guidelines:
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Hugo Rincon. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

